' Purpose: I'm here to learn more about e-commerce systems and automation.
' Author:  Robert
' Date:  9 May 2020
' It's been about 7 weeks since the entire nation and world has sheltered-in-place.
' I've been lucky enough to be working up until now, but I'm expecting my gig to end in two weeks, so I'm anticpating and
' planning my next move.  
' My idea is learning and teaching web technologies for online business and e-commerce.
' I've racked up a whole slough of domain names, and final come up with one that I want to focus on:
' skatestown.com
' It's based on a fictional business case (I think) from a book I purchase ahwile ago.  The book is "Building Web Services with Java",
' and it was written by Steve Graham, Simeon Simenov, Toulic Boubez, Doug Davis, Glen Daniels, Yuichi Nakamura, and Ryo Neyama.
' Published by SAMS samspublishing.com
'
' I grew up with skateboards from the late 70's through the mid 80's.  I basically stopped when I went to college -- Berkeley is a 
bit hilly and dense to get around from a practical point-of-view, but nonetheless the sport really boomed at this time and in
the 90's as well
' I picked up skateboarding again in the late 90's (I was in my 30s at that time), after reading an article in the New Yorker Magazine
about Tony Hawk.  https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/1999/07/26/the-birdman

' This article inspired me to go to the West Village in New York City and purchase a skatebord. It was a Wounded Knee board (Jim Murphy) that
was built as a cruiser with Kryptonics 63 wheels and Indpendent trucks.  I have this board still today.
' It has a classic graphic "We Remember". I'll take a photo and post it when I can find the time.
' After that, I purchased a used Zip Zinger nano board by Mark Gonzales.
' A number of years past and I purchased a Pineapple Express double-drop long board after my dad passed away in 2018.
' Then I purchased several other boards:  Zoo York, CCS complete, and a Shut Skateboards Kyle Hamilton: https://shutnyc.com/products/shut-kyle-hamilton-pro-model
' So my skateboarding purchases have been a bit out of control.
' So now, it's a matter of making all of these indulgences pratical, and sharing knowlege and "giving back" as I go through the journey of
' improving my programming skills while I continue to re-connect with my love of skateboarding!  -- RL
